[admin](Adding descriptions) (#1670)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/testing/troubleshoot-manifest.md

---
title: Validate an Office Add-in's manifest

> description: 'Learn how to validate an Office Add-in's manifest using the XML schema and other tools.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'Learn how to validate the manifest of an Office Add-in using the XML schema and other tools.'
```
